In this lecture I'm going to show you how you can add a website to the Google webmaster's tool.
Now also known as search console and the value in doing this is that you can use this tool to identify
any technical errors on your web site then correct those errors so that all of the client's web pages
will appear in the search results.
Decline can also use this tool on an ongoing basis to find out water.
The key words that are leading people to their web pages so that they can find out what are the most
popular pages in search terms.
Create more content around that and really for other traffic.
So by setting this up for the client and giving them access you're giving them a very valuable source
of data.
Health care there is sort of kick off the process you can come to Google dot com forward slash web masters
and then sign in to search Konsole next thing that you're going to really do is the you or all of this
size in here and the property.
So the next thing that we need to do is verify that you are the owner of this size and really the easiest
way to do is if you've got a WordPress site is to use a particular plugin.
So when your Wordpress dashboard you can come over to plug ins here and new and then really search for
the plug in called Host.
See you can see that I've already got iron installed here and once you've got on installed you come
down to the top here and then come up to the general subtype here.
And really what we want to do over to here is the web tool.
And now we go back to the search console.
Want to take this code and we want to get it in here and we just click safe so you can see automatically
that code has been shortened.
And that's absolutely perfect.
So and then that man that that saves on a WordPress site we just want to come back and click verify
and we can see that that has been successfully confirmed that where the owner of the site and we can
really click Continue.
So if you're building a non WordPress site what you can do is take this minute tag here and pasted into
your site's home page in the header section and then again you'll come back here and really verify that
it's worked OK.
So now that we're in our dashboard I'm going to show you the remainder of this section a couple of other
items that you can do to really Vonni to the client.
And then finally if you want to give them access to this now once you set it up you can come up here
to this little gear icon.
Click on user and property owners and really add a new user pop in their email address.
You can probably give them full access and then they can have access to all of this information as well
.
So I think this is a really good way that you can add value to your Web site Bill.
And another way to really help increase your Web site fee